F16-lab03.md, before:

#F16-lab03.md

###XinYuan Z. GithubID: RityZhang
###Jared L. GithubID: jleeong

(a) This project is a client-server based chat program.

(b) As a server I can run Server.jar to make myself available with the IP of the current machine. 
As a user, I can run the Client.jar file to start the client program that enters a chat room hosted at a server with IP:xx.xx.xx.xx which opens a single window interface. I can only login with credentials from a finite list of users currently registered with the server. I can type a chat message to a Broadcast user to send the message to every other user in the chat server, or I can select a single user to send a private message to. All messages are displayed in a single window and play a sound when sent.

(c) The software does run. The chat server must be running before the chat client can connect to it. If the client connects with the wrong credentials, an error is displayed.

(d)As a user, I should be able to register with the server with new login credentials that I want. I should then be able to join *instances* of chat rooms that have other users in them. I should be able to list all the chatrooms I am a member of and switch between them. I should also have the ability to alter the output of my messages (e.g. font, color, emoji's etc.) There should be user rights in specific chatrooms (i.e. admins of chat rooms with the ability to ban users, add users, change user nicknames, promote users, etc.)

As a server, I should be able to see all active chatrooms as well as all active users that update in realtime. I should be able to ban users without deleting their credentials. I should be able to see user privileges for specific chatrooms. I should also be able to specify the relevant networking information (i.e. port # of the chat server).

(e) The current README.md could be altered to have a more extensive view of the java classes included in the src directory.

(f) 

(g)

Commit message:

lab03-answers up to (f) and partial answer for (i) that explains server startup, and server accepting connections.

F16-lab03.md, after:

#F16-lab03.md

###XinYuan Z. GithubID: RityZhang
###Jared L. GithubID: jleeong

(a) This project is a client-server based chat program.

(b) As a server I can run Server.jar to make myself available with the IP of the current machine. 
As a user, I can run the Client.jar file to start the client program that enters a chat room hosted at a server with IP:xx.xx.xx.xx which opens a single window interface. I can only login with credentials from a finite list of users currently registered with the server. I can type a chat message to a Broadcast user to send the message to every other user in the chat server, or I can select a single user to send a private message to. All messages are displayed in a single window and play a sound when sent.

(c) The software does run. The chat server must be running before the chat client can connect to it. If the client connects with the wrong credentials, an error is displayed.

(d)As a user, I should be able to register with the server with new login credentials that I want. I should then be able to join *instances* of chat rooms that have other users in them. I should be able to list all the chatrooms I am a member of and switch between them. I should also have the ability to alter the output of my messages (e.g. font, color, emoji's etc.) There should be user rights in specific chatrooms (i.e. admins of chat rooms with the ability to ban users, add users, change user nicknames, promote users, etc.)

As a server, I should be able to see all active chatrooms as well as all active users that update in realtime. I should be able to ban users without deleting their credentials. I should be able to see user privileges for specific chatrooms. I should also be able to specify the relevant networking information (i.e. port # of the chat server).

(e) The current README.md could be altered to have a more extensive view of the java classes included in the src directory.

(f) Currently the build.xml file does not run the server from the jar file. Instead it takes the class name and runs the class directly. This could be changed in order the run the server software from the final .jar package that resides in the build subdirectory.

(g)

(i) Starting the server follows this process: RunServer creates a ServerWindowClass and calls .launchWindow() method > the .launchWindow() method creates the initial server window that has an instance of a serverController class and waits for input from the user in the form of button clicks. > If the user selects to start, the window initializes an inner textarea and calls the .startServer() method from serverController class. > the .startServer() method is from the ServerController class which has an internal Server class. it then calls Server.start() > Starting the internal Server() class creates a new server socket listening at port (which is statically defined) and sets it to listen indefinitely. Upon successful completion of opening the server port, it prints a message to the variable serverMsg. This is then displayed on the ServerWindow object through Server.getServerMessage().

Once the server is started, it awaits client connections. Once a connection has been made, the server creates a new Connection c (Connection is an inner class defined in Server.java) which takes the Socket s and creates a new Client c (different from the variable used for the Connection object) from that object (calls new Client(s)). Client is an inner class defined in Server.java not to be confused with the seperate client software defined in another src/ subdirectory.  Client c then attempts to authenticate itself with the server using the credentials pulled from the data input stream. If the login credentials succed, the Client c registers itself with the server, updates who is online but fails to update the online count. Furthermore, if a client (running on a seperate software) tries to disconnect itself, it sends a status to the server. The corresponding Client object that lives in the server then deletes itself from the server and displays a diconnect message.
