#Issues worth 500 points total:

##Refactor :: Real Data Base on Server.java (100)
*Server.java has a "fake database" that creates a "fake" contactList for every contact. (For Example: Peng Wang is implemented with the contactList of andro, phill, steven, and billy). A better "fake" implementation would be to have an ArrayList of all contacts. In addition, have every contact add all the contacts from the ArrayList. However, the recommended way is to implement an actual data base using the observer pattern.

##Refactor :: Create LEGIT contactList in server and in client (100)
*Clean up the bogus code, for example the getContacts() method in ClientController.java under controller. Keep in mind that there are other parts of the code that call this bogus method. An example is that JList ContactList in clientWindows.java calls controller.getContacts(), so make sure they fix, not only getContacts, but contactList as well.

##Refactor :: Make use of observer pattern. (200)
*The best and recommended way to do this is use the observer pattern. That way, Controller can connect window classes with method classes using the legit contact list. 

##Implement such that the client can choose a font of preference (100)

##Implement such that the client can choose a color of preference (150)

##Delete user not working(link to previous issue) (100)
*make sure that the contacts list display names not "contact#"
*As of now, the client can delete the user off the list but the list doesn't update correctly- instead of printing out the names of the updated list, it prints out "contact indexNumber" ex) contact02. This method uses the defaultListModel to use remove and will update the contact list.

